Add API for generating a live report (#2390)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

# App Center SDK for iOS, macOS and tvOS Change Log

## Version 4.4.2 (Under active development)

### App Center Crashes

> * **[Feature]** Add `Crashes.generateLiveReport()` API for generate live report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Feature]** Add `Crashes.generateLiveReport()` API for generating a live report based on the current process state.
```
